---
id: getingst
title: Install Chat SKD

---
With this step-by-step guide, you will learn how to create and run the semple application. This semple app will introduce to you the main feature of Chat SDK. 

## Create an Application ##


<ol>
<p>
<li>Create a new account in our platform by entering your name, email, and password, you can also sign up using your Google account. 
</li>
</p>
<p>
 <li>You will receive an email with a verification link. After verifying your account you can access the dashboard.
</li>
</p>
 <li>In your dashboard go to the Apps section and click on Create Application. 
</li>
<p>
<li>Fill in the required fields, press generate key. 
</li>
</p>
 <li>A private key will be generated in the authentication window. Download your private key and press create.
</li>
</ol>


> **Note**: Private key is a one-time download. It is confidential and can’t be passed to a third party. In case of regenerating a new private key, all tokens generated by the previous private key will become invalid.

## Install the Chat SDK ## 


Installing the Chat SDK is easy if you have basic knowledge of using SDKs.
To install the Chat SDK using  Gradle, in your project, add the following lines to the top-level build.gradle file.

Press the button below and download the file. Make a copy of the .aar  file into your folder and ensure to also include the library in your  build.gradle file.

Download the SDK

## Grant System Permissions  ##

To communicate with our server, the Chat SDK requires permissions. These permissions will allow the Chat SDK to read from and write on the user device’s storage.  To grant system permissions, you need to add the lines below to your  AndroidManifest.xml file.




